Hi welcome to this course Escudo for priggishness.
My name is Joel and I'm an I.T. systems engineer working in the finance industry and I deal with basic
you know and databases on a daily basis.
So why Linus Kuo Eskew I was one of the most in-demand technologies across multiple sectors and will
be using my secure always database management system for this course which is one of the most popular
and widely used database management systems in the world.
No prior knowledge of rescue our databases is needed to take this course as will be taking me from beginner
to expert in this course you'll be learning about database design creating a real world database from
scratch and learning how to write complex queries to retrieve data that will also be challenges and
E.S. for you to complete to test your knowledge.
This course is for you if you are new to ask so I'm going to become an expert on Eskew and databases
or you are new to my school.
I want to master a second database or you know the basics of Escudo.
I want to take your skills to the next level.
Once you finish this course you receive a certificate of completion and you'll be comfortable putting
Escudo and minuscule on your resume.
So let's get started and I'll see you in the course.